---
title: "Design, Digested: the all-women edition"
last_modified_at: '2022-05-04 11:15:36'
robots: 'noindex,follow'
sitemap: false
description: "Design, Digested: the all-women edition."
excerpt: "Let’s empower and uplift each other."
permalink: '/newsletter/archive/:title/'
---
Dear Friend,

I’m writing to you on a humid Sunday evening. It rained a lot today in Cambridge. On days like this, I used to say that it feels like autumn, but it doesn’t. It is definitely summer, albeit a confusing one: like 2020 has been up until now. Despite a further easing of lockdown restrictions during the weekend here in the UK, I keep staying at home. The only exceptions are a few walks when fewer people are around. How are you coping at the moment?

Last week on my blog, I shared a few [Pictures That Make Me Happy](https://silviamaggidesign.com/photography/pictures-that-make-me-happy/). As I continue to stay away from social media, I share pictures on my blog instead. 

This week’s digest was inspired by the upcoming WordPress 5.5 version, which **is going to be released by an all-women squad**. I think we need more news like this. As a woman in tech, I know how important it is to empower women, giving them opportunities to grow professionally. 

<p class="detached">All the women in the digest:</p>

<ul class="smd-ul">
  <li>The computer scientist and activist who got <em>Big Tech</em> to stand down.</li> 
  <li>The tech ethnographer who explains how algorithmic decision-making can become threats to our lives and communities.</li>
  <li>The French artist who illustrates how benevolent sexism holds women back.</li>
  <li>The set designer and design associated who created a display to mark 75 years since the atomic bombs were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.</li>
</ul>

I hope you enjoy it!

<p class="detached">Take care,<br>
Silvia</p>

<p class="detached">🔗 <a href="https://silviamaggidesign.com/design-digested/all-women-edition/">Read this week's digest</a></p>