---
title: "#13 Something new to share with you and a few changes"
last_modified_at: '2023-01-27 11:04:46'
robots: 'noindex,follow'
sitemap: false
description: "Something new to share with you and a few changes."
excerpt: "This email reaches you from a new country."
permalink: '/newsletter/archive/:title/'
---
Dear Friend,

Almost a month ago I told you that my husband and I were about to leave the UK. We’re now settling in our new, albeit temporary, accommodation. It took us <code>11 hours</code> to go from Cambridge to the town by the Adriatic sea. Travelling during a pandemic is a long and strange experience, but we made it. As so did our beloved plants and my sourdough starter. I call this a success!

Business is about to go back to usual, with a few changes. Some time ago, I was trying to stay away from social media. To be fair, it’s been easy because the move absorbed all my energy. **With more free time and when feeling anxious, I’m back checking my feeds again**. That’s why I decided to cut the problem at its roots: [read why I deleted my Twitter account](https://silviamaggidesign.com/personal/i-deleted-my-twitter-account/). This week, [I wrote a new post for _Oregano Dangereux_](https://oreganodangereux.wordpress.com/2020/10/15/apply-a-thick-layer-on-moist-skin), the blog I share with my husband about our journey as immigrants now returning to our home country.

[_Design, Digested_](https://silviamaggidesign.com/category/design-digested/), my design inspiration series, will be back next week. I missed it and can’t wait to resume it and to share more projects with you. In the next few days, I will switch from iPhone to Android. It’s going to be both a massive change and something that will help me from a professional point of view. I will report back on this. In the meantime, wish me luck! That's all from me. How are you? 

<p class="detached">Thank you for reading,<br>
Silvia</p>