---
title: "The importance of sketching and the knitting site again"
last_modified_at: '2021-11-09 13:40:25'
featured-post: false
description: "The importance of sketching and the knitting site again."
permalink: '/newsletter/archive/:title/'
---

<p class="lead"><em>April fools</em> translates <em>April fish</em> in Italy, but there are none in this letter.</p>

<!--more-->

Dear Friend,

Suddenly, it’s April. As much as I wanted to, I didn’t write much on my blog in March. My portfolio kept me busy, but I’m almost ready to start looking for a job 🤞. Soon, I’ll tweak the homepage of my website and publish a new case study.

## Design, Digested 18
  
**Sketching is one of the most important tools a UX Designer should master**. In the latest instalment of my design inspiration series, I share articles and videos that helped me get over my fears and convinced me to start sketching, as well as to record what inspires or provokes me.

<p class="detached">You’ll find:</p>

<ul class="smd-ul">
  <li>An article on how to use sketching in user experience design.</li>
  <li>A video showing sketching techniques.</li>
  <li>An article on why you should start drawing (and what, when and how), valid for everyone, not just designers.</li>
  <li>A book to go beyond and start drawing what your eyes see.</li>
</ul>

My article about the Ravelry redesign is getting more attention lately. As of 31 March 2021, the previous design of the interface has been retired. Everyone will get to use either the redesign or a version of it with softer colours, contrasts and shadows. That is, if they’re able to access the site. Several users experienced adverse side effects from browsing the redesigned site, and I’m not sure the softer version helped. If you know more, please let me know by replying to this email. 

The Ravelry case is the perfect example of *how not to design*. Tests were performed too late in the process, when it was probably too expensive, materially and emotionally, to make changes. 

<p class="detached">Read my article:</p>

<p class="detached">🔗 <a href="https://silviamaggidesign.com/design/ravelry-rebranding/">How Rebranding Cost Ravelry the Trust of Their Community</a></p>

<p class="detached">It’s all from me for now.</p>

<p class="detached">See you soon!<br>
Silvia</p>