---
title: "#19 I see deceptive patterns. And you should too"
last_modified_at: '2024-02-15 14:21:12'
robots: 'noindex,follow'
sitemap: false
description: "I see deceptive patterns. And you should too."
excerpt: "They're everywhere."
permalink: '/newsletter/archive/:title/'
---
Dear Friend,

In Italian folklore, the last three days of January (*i giorni della merla* – the female blackbird’s days) should be the coldest of the year. They weren’t. So, Winter is supposed to be longer. Legends are not exact science, but this year they might have a point. And Spring feels closer now.

<p class="detached">On a day when we were particularly keen, my husband and I walked <code>8 km</code> across the local pine forest. It’s been a lovely, sensory experience, but too much, too soon for our lockdown bodies.</p>

<p class="detached">📷 <a href="https://silviamaggidesign.com/photography/healthy-walk-in-the-pine-forest/">Check A healthy walk in the pine forest</a></p>

<p class="detached">Today, I listed the books I’m reading. Some of them are ideal if you’re a designer, others are either very interesting or funny – or both – for anyone. The eye-opener for me was <em>The Culture Map</em> by Erin Meyer. We tend to see our culture systems when we’re outside of them, or when we’re in contact with people from other countries. <strong>In a more connected world, it’s important to talk about our differences to overcome them</strong>.</p>

<p class="detached">🔗 <a href="https://silviamaggidesign.com/books/culture-and-design-books/">Read Brilliant culture and design books I’m reading</a></p>

<p class="detached">As I decluttered my website, and changed the way I manage my spare time, I thought my inspiration series should change as well. I’m reading more books, but fewer articles. The ones I read and would like to share with you are more focused and require a bit more time to be digested.</p>

This month, deceptive patterns grabbed my attention. Because they’re everywhere, and designers are starting to talk about them. Most of the times, companies influence the design decisions that work against users instead of helping them. <strong>This approach is the exact opposite of what the user experience practice embodies</strong>. Whether you’re someone who might end up designing deceptive patterns, or a person browsing the internet and using services, you need to recognise them and act accordingly.

<p class="detached">🔗 <a href="https://silviamaggidesign.com/design-digested/deceptive-patterns-in-user-interfaces/">Read Deceptive patterns in user interfaces</a></p>

<p class="detached">See you soon,<br>
Silvia x</p>

---

## Important note

While the articles shared use the adjective ’dark' to describe deceptive patterns, there is a conversation around the bad connotation it has. As of 9 January 2023, I have updated update the language I use to be more inclusive and not discriminatory.

### Read

<ul class="smd-ul">
  <li><a href="https://amyhupe.co.uk/articles/changing-our-language-on-bad-patterns/">Why it's time to update our language about bad design patterns</a></li>
</ul>