---
title: "Big updates, photography and the new Design Digested"
date: '2022-10-06 18:28:07'
last_modified_at: '2022-11-05 18:28:50'
robots: 'noindex,follow'
sitemap: false
description: "Design, Digested newsletter n.44 by Silvia Maggi"
excerpt: ""
permalink: '/newsletter/archive/:title/'
---
Hi!

Autumn has finally arrived here in the South of Europe.

As we took a late holiday the second week of September, I watched Summer ending on the day the strong and cold wind called _bora_ swept the Adriatic coast. Later, we enjoyed the last bath of the season on a sunny, mild day. The water was cold, a fitting and invigorating goodbye to an awfully long and hot summer.

I had missed being in close contact with nature and the wide panoramas. Also, we stayed in a very small town after the high season, which always helps to ease the constant, underlying worries about COVID.

🔗 [Take a look at some pictures I took on our walks on the beach](https://silviamaggidesign.com/photography/a-perfect-day/)

As I mentioned on the last newsletter, Simone and I are planning to go back to the UK. It'll happen next year, when hopefully the global situation will be better. Soon, I’ll start looking for a job over there.

In the meantime, my career took a very interesting turn. The project I referred to some time ago started, so I am officially consulting on web accessibility. Together with a small team of professionals, I am helping UniCredit Bank comply with the WCAG 2.1 rules. It is an amazing opportunity to learn more about a topic I'm deeply interested in!

The new Design, Digested is about the accessibility of Netflix's subtitles, racist tech, small businesses in Tokyo and more.

🔗 [Read Design, Digested 32](https://silviamaggidesign.com/design-digested/design-digested-32/)


Till next time,  
Silvia