---
title: "What changed and what's next"
last_modified_at: '2022-03-07 14:59:57'
featured-post: false
description: "What changed and what's next"
permalink: '/newsletter/archive/:title/'
---

<p class="lead">After a challenging period, here's what's new and what's coming.</p>

<!--more-->

Hi!

After a challenging period over Christmas and the beginning of the new year, I couldn't sit down and write a post, even though there's a list of subjects waiting for my attention. As mentioned in my [latest newsletter](https://silviamaggidesign.com/newsletter/archive/newsletter-36/), I stopped writing Weeknotes. Instead, I published a new section called [Notes](https://silviamaggidesign.com/notes/).

<p class="detached">The latest notes include:</p>

<ul class="smd-ul">
  <li>The decision not to follow live news;</li>
  <li>A photography fact learned by unfortunate chance;</li>
  <li>Thoughts on design tools;</li>
  <li>An important design book I'm currently reading.</li>
</ul>

<p class="detached">🔗 <a href="https://silviamaggidesign.com/notes/">Check the Notes section on my website</a></p>

## Other news

When [Simone](https://minutestomidnight.co.uk/) and I published my new website in September last year, we didn't consider it finished. In fact, we're constantly making it better. The latest improvement is the fancy photo gallery with a carousel that Simone built using pure HTML and CSS. You can see it in action in the post [Four days in Bordeaux](https://silviamaggidesign.com/photography/four-days-in-bordeaux/).

Furthermore, all images on the site are now either responsive or highly optimised: navigating it on mobile won't drain your data allowance. These steps allow for a huge impact on sustainability. There's a new way to comment: check it at the end of posts and notes, under Reactions.

## What's next

As I started my career as a designer and developer, I can share a wealth of helpful resources. I'm working on a new website that gathers tips and snippets to help designers that are interested in coding. More on this soon!

<p class="detached">Until next time, <br>
Silvia</p>