---
title: "Memories, mementos, diaries"
date: '2022-11-03 18:37:16'
last_modified_at: '2022-12-05 15:49:22'
robots: 'noindex,follow'
sitemap: false
description: "Design, Digested newsletter n.46 by Silvia Maggi"
excerpt: ""
permalink: '/newsletter/archive/:title/'
---
Hi!

I made a few great discoveries while staying at my parents’. One is a book I bought in 2001 from a Bouquiniste in Paris, plus the train tickets kept inside it as memento — that I of course forgot about. The other is a Swatch watch I used to wear everyday in my early twenties – that’s roughly twenty years ago – that my mom decided to keep.

Sometimes when talking about the years spent in the UK, I get frustrated because I can’t remember some places’ names, or an event’s date. There are pictures, but the record itself is gone. I started keeping a journal more than a year ago, because I couldn’t rely on social media to keep my memories. It’s been a great decision for me, even if I don’t write every day.

A few articles on The Guardian recently got me obsessed with [Alan Rickman’s diaries](https://www.theguardian.com/books/2022/oct/12/madly-deeply-the-alan-rickman-diaries-review-inside-the-actors-world). He started keeping them in 1993, up until his death in 2015. They’re an absolute pleasure to read: fun, witty, especially his film reviews. What fascinates me is the care that goes into keeping a journal. It’s also an editing effort: what you write is what you want to remember, the rest can be forgotten.

This is the spirit that made me keep a work diary as well. To wrap up the first month of work as accessibility consultant for one of Italy's major banks, I shared a few things I learned. It’s the first of a series of at least three – the length of my contract as of now.

🔗 [Read Accessibility diaries – Part 1](https://silviamaggidesign.com/accessibility/accessibility-diaries-1/)

Plus, on the new Design, Digested: how technology is shaping the physical world, spying appliances, dyslexia-friendly typefaces and more.

🔗 [Read Design, Digested 34 – Sterile aesthetics, privacy, dyslexia](https://silviamaggidesign.com/design-digested/design-digested-34/)


Till next time,  
Silvia