---
title: "#43 Accessibility, well-being and big news"
date: '2022-09-16 10:07'
last_modified_at: '2023-01-27 10:57:01'
robots: 'noindex,follow'
sitemap: false
description: "Design, Digested newsletter n.43 by Silvia Maggi"
excerpt: ""
permalink: '/newsletter/archive/:title/'
---
Hi!

In my last email I stated the intention to publish the _Design, Digested_ series more frequently. It didn’t happen. I’ve been both busy and in a state of suspension as the exciting project I’ve been involved in has yet to start. 

The past month has also been important from a personal point of view, as my husband and I decided to go back to the UK. If you know me personally, or have followed our adventures, you’re aware of the disillusion we experienced with Brexit and what followed. Then the pandemic gave us reasons to leave and join our families in Italy.

Circumstances change, though, and I’m cautiously contented to go back to the place where we both have many good memories and friends. More on this later.

---

In the meantime, as I took a closer look to the WCAG 2.1 success criteria, I decided to take a step-by-step approach to make my website entirely accessible. This is the first of a series of posts where I explain the changes I’m making and why.

🔗 Read the post [Making my website accessible - Part 1](https://silviamaggidesign.com/accessibility/making-website-accessible-1/)

---

I listened to a very interesting episode of UX Podcast about UX sitemaps. You read it right. Buffled? Surprised?

🔗 Find it in [About sitemaps](https://silviamaggidesign.com/notes/note-about-sitemaps/)

---

Having recently started contracting for an Italian web agency, I worried my focus was going to go anywhere except where it was needed. Punctually, it happened. What I do to better my mental and physical health.

🔗 Read the post [On organisation, focus and self care](https://silviamaggidesign.com/personal/organisation-focus-selfcare/)

Take care,  
Silvia