---
title: "Your online content and barriers"
last_modified_at: '2022-07-12 14:00:17'
robots: 'noindex,follow'
sitemap: false
description: "Design, Digested newsletter n.41 by Silvia Maggi"
excerpt: "What happens to your online content?"
permalink: '/newsletter/archive/:title/'
---
Hi!

Have you ever thought where would your content – thoughts, interactions, photos – go if the platform you published it on suddenly closed? You’ll probably have the time to download and save it, but the truth is that it’ll disappear. 

I miss my Instagram curated gallery, which I feel like it was a good way to documenting my life. I joined [Pixelfed](https://pixelfed.org "Visit the Pixelfed website"), the federated answer to Instagram, but don’t feel the need to post.  I’ve been thinking for a while how to recreate the gallery-as-documentation on a website that’s mine and no one else’s. I’m taking my time with this, and will be working on it with clearer plans in the future. 

Meanwhile, I’ve spent a considerable amount of time downloading the contents of an expensive photography course I bought a few years ago. Whatever happens, I need to be able to access it, even without an internet connection. When companies decide to build a closed system, that works only when people are online, they choose to build barriers: just like in the physical world, a good chunk of population will struggle to access it. 

{:.detached}
The latest *Design, Digested* features a few, nevertheless outstanding articles:

- Design is evolving—and designers need to evolve with it;
- Correction of the racist highway designs of the past;
- Why we ignore the obvious;
- Building a more honest internet;
- Greta Thunberg doesn’t want you to talk about her anymore.

{:.detached}
🔗 Read [Design, Digested 30](https://silviamaggidesign.com/design-digested/design-digested-30/)

{:.detached}
Take care,  
Silvia