---
title: "#51 Books and Design, Digested 39"
date: '2023-02-15 14:48:45'
last_modified_at: '2023-02-17 17:19:36'
robots: 'noindex,follow'
sitemap: false
description: "Design, Digested newsletter n.51 by Silvia Maggi"
excerpt: ""
permalink: '/newsletter/archive/:title/'
---
Hi!

Ever since the new year started, I’ve been reading a lot. I built a library on my laptop including the digital versions of the physical books that still lie in the garage after we moved, the ones I bought on the Kobo store and the ones I read in the past and wish to keep.

The library has become one of my most treasured collections. As it happens too often with digital stuff, though, I didn’t have a precise idea of how many books I own and how many I’ve read. Now I know that I read too little over the past ten years. 
I’m going to tell you what books I finished, because once the information is out there, I can’t go back to not reading, can I?

Finished, and liked a lot:

- _Pigeon English_, by Stephen Kelman
- _The Essex Serpent_, by Sarah Perry
- _Women & Power_, by Mary Beard

In progress:

- _Extra Bold – A Feminist, Inclusive, Anti-racist, Nonbinary Field Guide for Graphic Designers_, by Ellen Lupton, Farah Kafei, Jennifer Tobias, Josh A. Halstead, Kaleena Sales, Leslie Xia, Valentina Vergara
- _Stories of Your Life and Others_, by Ted Chiang
- _The Norfolk Mystery_, by Ian Sansom

Ideally, _Extra Bold_ would be on my tea table, opened on one of its many insightful pages. I quoted two of them recently: one [about history](https://silviamaggidesign.com/notes/note-history/), the other [about stereotypes (or clichés)](https://silviamaggidesign.com/notes/note-about-stereotypes/). 

Another important thing I did was deleting all occurrences of the adjective ’dark’ when used to describe deceptive patterns on my website, in a bid to be more inclusive and not discriminatory.

🔗 [Read _On ’deceptive patterns’ and wording_ on my website](https://silviamaggidesign.com/design/deceptive-patterns-wording/)

## Design, Digested #39 – UX of banking, state of web accessibility, microaggressions

On this issue: 

- 900 days of progress – UX of banking
- The SEER framework
- Visual design rules you can safely follow every time
- The state of web accessibility in 2022
- The Micropedia

🔗 [Read _Design, Digested #39_ on my website](https://silviamaggidesign.com/design-digested/design-digested-39/)

Take care,  
Silvia