---
title: "#66: What changed, and Design, Digested 54 & 55"
date: '2024-06-07 09:05:38'
last_modified_at: '2024-06-07 09:05:44'
robots: 'noindex,follow'
sitemap: false
description: "Design, Digested newsletter n.66 by Silvia Maggi"
excerpt: ""
permalink: '/newsletter/archive/:title/'
---
Hi,

As announced on the last issue, I will publish _Design, Digested_ more frequently. However, I won’t write you more than twice a month.

You will notice that some of the links I share lead on unusual interfaces. They are [scribe.rip](https://scribe.rip/), and [archive.today](https://archive.is/). The former is an alternative frontend to Medium, the latter creates snapshots of webpages such as Substack articles.

The reason why I use these services is I don’t like neither Medium’s nor Substack’s business models[^controversy]. Although, some articles are worth sharing, hence the workaround.

## New on the website
As a reminder of everything that went well during the past four years, I published the sketches I made while following the Drawabox lessons.

🔗 [Read _Mindless sketches_]({{ site.url }}/drawing/sketches)

To know what I’m reading, watching, playing, [take a look at my _Now_ page]({{ site.url }}/now).

## Design, Digested 54 – Designing for healthy habits and positive impact on society
Three articles that I found informative, funny, and uplifting.

- Designing healthy digital habits: the role of UX in mitigating technology addiction
- How do you accidentally run for President of Iceland?
- Transforming the world: by design

🔗 [Read _Design, Digested 54_]({{ site.url }}/design-digested/design-digested-54)

## Design, Digested 55 – Decline of the user interface, accessibility overlays, rituals
If you ever thought ageing is the reason why technology seems more complicated, read on. Also, a guide to live in harmony with the world.

- The decline of the user interface
- Accessibility overlays are not for disabled people
- How to set yourself free with ritual

🔗 [Read _Design, Digested 55_]({{ site.url }}/design-digested/design-digested-55)

<br>
See you soon,<br>
Silvia

---

[^controversy]: I don’t wish to expand on this here and now, but there’s plenty of information on the internet about the controversies those platform created