---
title: "Week 5: Changed"
last_modified_at: '2022-07-19 16:01:00'
featured-post: false
categories:
  - Personal
tags:
  - information architecture
  - how to make sense of any mess
  - abby covert
  - italy
  - book
  - duolingo
  - w. somerset maugham
description: "Weeknotes #5: Changed"
excerpt: 'On habits and changes. Absolutely not sponsored.'
---
<ul class="smd-ul">
  <li>I started doing yoga again. My go-to online teacher is <a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/yogawithadriene">Adriene</a>. The very annoying back pain I experienced every time I walked, promptly disappeared. Even though now it's possible to go to in-person classes, this is still my favourite way to keep in shape.</li>
  <li>Up until a few days ago, there were few signs of autumn. During our walks in the park, Simone and I joked about someone randomly throwing leaves around to make us <em>think</em> the season was changing — in pure <em>The Truman Show</em> fashion. Now it feels like everything changed overnight.</li>
  <li>My <a href="https://silviamaggidesign.com/weeknotes/weeknotes-4/">language studies</a> on Duolingo are going well. I feel the benefits of setting a routine and sticking to it. The next step is trying to apply the same technique to other aspects of my day - like reading, drawing, and studying. To do so I'm using an app called <a href="https://www.forestapp.cc/">Forest</a>.</li>
  <li>Abby Covert's book <em>How to make sense of any mess</em> is putting things into perspective for me.  Not just about information technology, but also my life and goals in general. I'm going to write about it as soon as I finish it.</li>
  <li>Temperatures are dropping, so yesterday we set the radiator in our room to <code>2</code> (<code>out of 5</code>).</li>
  <li>We watched the entire Italian TV series <em>Generation 56K</em> in an evening on Netflix. It's got a very international look & feel while being <code>100%</code> italian. The series reminded me of the Norwegian <em>Home for Christmas</em>. It made for an entertaining, quality evening.</li>
  <li>On Sunday, I was reunited with my long-time friends. It's been years since we last met. The fact we can easily repeat the experience still feels strange to me.</li>
  <li>I received a newsletter containing a quote that fits perfectly:</li>
</ul>

> We're not the same persons this year as last; nor are those we love. It's a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person.
>
> <cite>— <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/W._Somerset_Maugham" title="read his biography on Wikipedia">W. Somerset Maugham</a></cite>