---
title: "Week 7: Pages and leaves"
last_modified_at: '2021-11-14 16:36:08'
featured-post: false
categories:
  - Weeknotes
tags:
  - personal
  - milan
  - privacy
  - social media
  - books
  - photography
description: "Weeknotes #7: Pages and leaves"
---
<p class="lead">Newsletter changes, pages and falling leaves.</p>

<!--more-->

<ul class="smd-ul">
  <li>Last week, I created the <a href="https://silviamaggidesign.com/newsletter/archive/">Newsletter Archive</a> section on my site. It follows my decision to leave Mailchimp and manage the <em>Design, Digested</em> newsletters on my own. As one of my biggest pet-peeves is how <a href="https://silviamaggidesign.com/tag/social-media/" title="Visit the Social Media posts archive">social media</a> track us, eroding our online <a href="https://silviamaggidesign.com/tag/privacy/" title="Visit the Social Media posts archive">privacy</a>, it seemed hypocritical of me to use a service that tracks its users' contacts. Granted, they do it to catch spammers, but still. I'm happier not knowing what you clicked, and when, even if it means going against every marketing best practise. <a hred="https://silviamaggidesign.com/newsletter/archive/newsletter-32/">Read my last letter (from Mailchimp)</a>.</li>
  <li>It bothers me that most of my latest posts are Weeknotes. I might go back to writing a <em>Design, Digested</em> a week, and surely writing about something else.</li>
  <li>I made a quick balance of the books read this year: they're four so far. Much less than I hoped, but it's still an achievement compared to the previous years. Although I have a long queue of reads that span from novels to UX/technical, so the number might increase soon.</li>
  <li>Today is one of those very rainy days in Milan. Colours look so much better. Autumn is in full swing, as you can see from the pictures I took on Saturday at the park.</li>
</ul>

{% include pattern-figure-cols.html image1="/assets/images/20211113-milano-parco-2.jpg" image2="/assets/images/20211113-milano-parco-1.jpg" width="750" height="1000" caption="Autumn the park, Milan" %}